Lesson 1: Navigating a Commit History

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It was easier to do.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It could tell me where people have made the most changes. It could tell me
    what I changed, including earlier changes that may impact current code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manual commit pro:
      You can choose to save the file at key milestones.
      Commits cover logical changes.
    Manual commit con:
      You may forget to save after a critical change.
      You have to remember to make commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Version control systems:
      A program may use multiple files, so it will be important to save the state
      of all relevant files in Git.

    Google Docs
      This is different to Google Docs, where the files may not be connected to
      others.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log:  show a list of the recent commits with information about them,
              including commit IDs
    git diff: followed by two commit IDs will compare the two versions of the
              code in those

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    You can always go back to an earlier version that worked if the current
    version breaks. This will make you more confident about experimenting and
    trying new code. You can make big changes without fear of breaking your
    code. This could speed up your work, rather than fearfully only making
    minor changes to your code for fear of breaking the project.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Version control for my coding projects!
